Shortcut 32676: Added expression language info for when (#334)
replicatedhq/troubleshoot.sh: docs/source/analyze/outcomes.md

## When

Some analyzers implement the "when" attribute. The details and implementation of this attribute vary between analyzers. For example, the [cluster version](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/cluster-version/) analyzer uses this as a semver comparator, while the [image-pull-secrets](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/image-pull-secrets/) analyzer doesn't need the when, it's a simple, binary output.

The `when` attribute can be used with the operators `=`, `==`, and `===` in expression language. The value to the left of the operator should be a variable. The value to the right of the operator should be a data type, such as a string or number.

Typically, these operators function as follows:

---
| Assignment Operator | Description|
| ----- | ---------------------------------|

> | = | Functions as an assignment operator that sets the value on the left of `=` to the value on the right.|

Reviewer: All three operators are used for comparison and there is no difference between them.  For example https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot/blob/73609c4feff5760ce59f58b124dcc3196a0172ae/pkg/analyze/ceph.go#L183

Author: @divolgin  Please check my changes and see if it's ok to deploy. Thanks for your help!

## When

Some analyzers implement the "when" attribute. The details and implementation of this attribute vary between analyzers. For example, the [cluster version](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/cluster-version/) analyzer uses this as a semver comparator, while the [image-pull-secrets](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/image-pull-secrets/) analyzer doesn't need the when, it's a simple, binary output.

> The `when` attribute can be used with the operators `=`, `==`, or `===` to compare values. Which operator you use depends on the specific analyzer. For more information about the analyzers and example definitions, see the [Troubleshoot Analyzer documentation](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/) and select a specific analyzer from the content list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `when` attribute can be used with logical operators like `==`, `!=`, `<`, etc to compare values. Which operator you use depends on the specific analyzer. For more information about the analyzers and example definitions, see the [Troubleshoot Analyzer documentation](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/) and select a specific analyzer from the content list.
```
